Subtitles by DramaFever
I really want to see...
someone like you succeed.
So... show me.
Do that...
and make me happy.
Dan Ah.
I love you.
I love you, Kang Soo.
I'll definitely show you...
I promise you that I...
will definitely do it.
Next time.
After you succeed.
[Episode 14]
Huh?
Who is it?
- It's me!
- Oh... at this hour?
Um, just a moment.
Oh... um...
Huh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey!
- Hey!
What is all the ruckus about?
I'm sorry, Ms. Dan Ah.
We made you see something that
you shouldn't have seen.
I'm sorry, ma'am.
Things will probably be a bit
tough for you for a while.
But still, aren't I the best
among us three?
I didn't look, so I don't know.
Huh?
I don't think so.
You did a quick once-over
of all of us.
Ow!
What brings you here
in the middle of the night?
Let's put Restaurant Row
back in business.
How, when the restaurant owners are
all saying that they're closing?
I'll take care of that part.
All of you, call the owners of the
restaurants as soon as the sun comes up.
Tell them to open their stores,
and to wait for us.
And Min Chan, let's go together
to your hometown.
To my hometown?
Jeez, I told them to give it up already.
So why are they asking us
to get together again?
Kang Soo and his friends
sure are stubborn.
To be honest, I'd be happy if
Kang Soo found a solution for us again.
To leave a place where I've
run my business for 20 years
makes me feel uneasy.
Jeez.
All right, everyone.
Please come outside.
Kang Soo is coming.
Oh, really?
Let's go.
What are those trucks?
And there's two of them!
[Let us meet at
Hwasung Local Food Store!]
These are fresh ingredients
from the mountains.
You can pay for the ingredients later.
But for now, open your
businesses and use these.
But in exchange, you have to charge
the same price that Jung Family does.
The same price?
If we do that, we can't even make
1000 won per dish!
Just do it like this for now.
If you just get a lot of customers,
your profits will increase either way.
But even so, that won't be easy.
Jung Family doesn't have to
worry about rent, after all.
But we do!
I'm sure there's a way to
solve that problem, too.
The building owners
will be here soon.
Discuss it with them.
Please don't collect rent this month.
- What is this ridiculousness?
- What is she saying?
How are we supposed to get by, then?
You can go one month
without the rent.
So please, do that.
There's not a single person who was
interested in viewing your property.
At this rate, when your contracts with
the preexisting restaurants are up
what will you do then?
You'll take on debt to give them
their security deposit back
and your building will be empty.
So don't you have more to lose,
if that happens?
Think about this carefully.
But still!
To be frank, we're all in the same boat.
We will all do well,
or we will all fail.
There are only those two options.
So all of you must be on board with us.
What will you do?
So, are you going to give us
the rent next month, then?
If business booms, yes.
- What?
- Why, I never!
Ugh, just look at how rude she is.
Exactly.
The CEO seems to be a nice person
but your employee
really is something else.
And when we start advertising Restaurant
Row, I want you all to take part.
- What?
We're not only advertising
these restaurants.
We're advertising your buildings.
So please come out, everyone.
Nice? As if!
He's exactly the same!
It's only natural for
a couple to be similar.
We'll be seeing you
all again later, then!
Oh.
As for the owners of the restaurants
please take these back
and put them up.
Yes, let's do it.
Ah, yes, Mr. Choi.
Here you are.
Please put it up in a
very conspicuous spot!
What's going on with our sales numbers?
It looks like they've dropped
20 percent since yesterday.
There was a sudden increase of customers
who've started going to Restaurant Row.
But, why?
I'm... not too sure, either.
Restaurant Row is reopened!
Welcome!
The prices are quite fair!
- The food is delicious!
- Come on by!
- Wow, it looks like a lot!
- Strongest Deliveryman! Here we go!
Thank you!
Please come by!
[Nice prices, nice restaurants:
"Restaurant Row"]
What brings you here?
You sure are trying hard.
I just heeded your advice, is all.
We have to make proper food first.
That's great.
But you won't be able to
last for long like this.
These people live day-to-day
on the money they make.
So how long could they possibly last?
It's because they live day-to-day
on the money they make
that they will be able to last.
Because it will truly be the end for them
if they're kicked out of here.
Fine.
Try your best.
I'll work hard.
Goodbye, then.
Let's see, here.
Ow, that's hot!
Ow!
I'm a slave.
A slave!
Oh, I'm late.
I'm late.
Mmm!
Wow, that's delicious!
Water.
That's nice. I picked
myself a great wife.
Whoa, what?
"Wife?"
Yes, Husband.
Eat a lot, get pumped up,
and make tons of money.
All right, Wife.
Jeez.
But, it's about time for you
to find a job, too.
No thanks. There isn't a company
that'd hire a guy like me anyway.
What do you mean?
There are places that would even
hire people like you, if you just look.
Was that supposed to be a compliment?
I'm telling you to be brave.
Thanks for the food.
Make dinner, and come out
to meet me when I get off work.
See you later!
Ugh, fine.
It does feel good to feed her, though.
Let's go and make dinner now.
Wow.
All right!
We're all done now,
ma'am!
Yes, that is all.
Thank you!
Goodbye!
All right, customer number 534!
Oh my, CEO Choi!
Hello.
These two are owners of two
restaurants that we're affiliated with.
Oh!
I heard all about the hardships
you faced.
I'll help you out.
You get your loans from who?
Na Han Tae... wait, no.
I mean, from me,
Valued Customers. Yes.
This is the proposal
we discussed earlier.
Oh, yes.
I see.
Are you really going to give us a loan?
You know all about how our businesses
aren't doing well right now.
Don't you worry.
I'll give you the best rates
for small businesses that we have
and get you more than enough!
Well? How about it?
Thank you!
But... aren't you stretching
yourself a bit too thin?
Oh, what are you talking about?
You get your loans from who?
Hmm? Hmm? Hmm?
From Na Han Tae!
Give me just one moment.
All right, let's take a look.
Are you confident in them?
Yes.
The person pushing for the loan
is named Choi Kang Soo.
He's the CEO of a company
called "Strongest Deliveryman."
So?
What did he do?
- He's a really good person.
- What?
He's ridiculously nice.
That's why he will succeed.
How is this possible?
They got a loan from a different bank
and they even got permission
to not pay rent for a month.
I think that they're using our
management strategy.
"All we need to do is last a couple
of months, even if we incur losses."
I believe that this is their approach.
And all of that was thought up
by that man, Choi Kang Soo?
It does seem that way, for now.
But there's a possibility that someone
tipped him off about our strategy, too.
What do you mean, tipped him off?
I'm only saying this because I feel like
his strategy is too similar to ours.
Look into all of the people working
at Strongest Deliveryman.
Find out what relationship they have
with Choi Kang Soo
what their roles are, and what their
weaknesses are. Everything.
Yes, ma'am.
Looks like the impossible became
possible all because
that psycho Kang Soo
put some legwork into this.
Please choose your words more carefully
during our meetings.
This is a compliment.
I didn't do this alone.
We all did it together.
But you really did something amazing
this time around, Kang Soo.
And you did too, Ms. Dan Ah.
You were really great at
helping your man.
I think it's crucial for a man to meet a
good woman in order to succeed.
If you keep acting like that, Ms. Dan Ah
will teach you another lesson.
Yes, I'll be the one to take care of
the CEO from now on.
- Ooh!
So, um, that's why I wanted to ask...
what did you two do back then,
by the beach?
It looked like there was a lot of sand
on Kang Soo's back.
- Ow!
- Jeez.
This is why you need to quit
while you're ahead.
We're all going to
get hit, at this rate.
Watch your backs, all of you.
Starting from today, I'll be the
Chief of Discipline, too.
At any rate, I'm glad that
you've all cheered up.
So that's why I want to
tell you now
that it'll be really tough,
starting from tomorrow.
I guess it really will be tough,
seeing as how you're saying it.
So eat a big breakfast and meet up
at Restaurant Row by 9 a.m.
Can't you give us a hint about
what to expect, CEO Choi?
Come and see for yourself
tomorrow, Section Chief Jung.
Yes, Chairwoman Lee.
Who is it?
Hello!
- Sister-in-Law!
Um... I mean...
Younger Sister-in-Law.
You mean Ex-Sister-in-Law!
Stop it.
She's pitiful enough as it is.
Oh, welcome!
What brings you here?
Are you looking for more
employees, by any chance?
- Employees?
- He's not a newbie.
- He has some experience.
- Who are you talking about?
You don't mean...
Yes.
Couldn't Mr. Jin Kyu work here?
You mean Oh Jin Kyu?
Why are you recommending him,
Ms. Ji Yoon?
Oh, it's just because...
To be honest,
I'm his guardian.
What?
He'll definitely be useful.
He has experience making deliveries
and managing a restaurant.
And, um...
he's good at making rice
and side dishes.
What are you...
Fine. Leave his resume and go.
I actually wanted to scout him.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Thank you, Mister!
No, I mean, CEO.
Work hard, then, everyone!
Are you really going
to hire Oh Jin Kyu?
Yeah.
Hey, that's going too far!
Don't worry.
I'm not just being nosy.
I was planning to scout him anyway.
Everything we did today was
Oh Jin Kyu's idea.
If it hadn't been for him, I never
would've thought about hanging in there.
- What are you doing?
- Huh?
It's a security device.
We should maintain our boundaries.
All right!
Have fun with your little
DMZ you've set up.
- Fine.
- What do you take me for?
Good night.
Comrade.
- What?
- I've defected from the North.
Open the door.
Stop it.
What now?
Hey, kids, open up!
I'm not a tiger!
I'm really your mom!
See?
It's your mom's hand!
Excuse me, I think you've
got the wrong house.
Get your hand out of here!
Get out! Go!
Fine!
I'm going to sleep.
What now...
Stop it!
Damn it!
Ji Yoon.
It's me, Dad.
Just a moment!
I'm coming!
Why are you laughing
so loudly by yourself?
You're still not sleeping?
I'm about to.
Here, Dad.
Sit here.
All right.
So, what brings you here?
I heard you moved, so I was curious
and wanted to come by.
How did you know that I moved?
Are you keeping tabs on me?
Um, I...
well, um...
Dad.
I don't do it anymore, though.
I got a report saying that you
broke up with Choi Kang Soo and that
you ended things with Oh Jin Kyu, too.
Ugh, jeez.
Do you really hate me
dating that much?
I just want you to stay
my daughter forever.
You're not being a doting dad.
You're just being plain dumb.
I still don't care!
Why did you split up your
room like this, though?
Are you, by any chance...
living with some other man?
Yeah!
With him.
This is his room.
It turns out that this guy is male.
Oh, you punk.
You're still a kid, huh?
All right.
Just stay that way forever.
Yes, Dad.
Oh yeah. I need to use your bathroom.
It's over here, right?
No! No!
No!
I... um... left my underwear
in there to soak.
It's embarassing to have
you see it, Dad.
It's fine.
I'm your dad.
No! You're still a man, Dad!
But I really have to go!
I'm sorry.
There's a bathroom at the
playground out front.
Let's go there together.
I'll show you where it is.
No, it's fine.
It's cold outside.
I'll find it myself.
Here, take this.
Buy what you need with this.
No, I can't!
If I do that, I won't be
fully independent!
I can't even give you allowance?
Give me only 50,000 won, then.
Oh, you little rascal.
Here.
Thank you.
Have a safe trip home.
Oh, you kind, pretty little thing.
Good night.
I'll go now.
I really need to go.
Don't see me out!
Bye, Dad!
Is he gone?
Yes.
What?
Just because.
I just feel really bad now.
It's okay. You can just
make me super happy, then.
- What?
- Hurry up and go to bed.
Good night!
You worked hard today.
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
We're done!
Whoo!
Aren't you leaving?
Um, yeah.
In a bit.
Have a good night together, then.
Oh, come on!
How am I supposed to discipline him?
It'll be hard to discipline him.
There wasn't a single teacher who could
discipline him in school, either.
Hearing you say that makes me
really want to do it.
Focus only on me.
Oh...
Hey!
Oof!
Make yourself shorter.
Close your eyes.
Ow!
Get back to work.
I'll go make some coffee.
Okay.
[DramaFever Ver] Episode 14 Strongest Deliveryman
-= Ruo Xi =-
What are you doing?
Oh... hey!
Why'd you come down?
I smelled something delicious, so...
Way to ruin everything.
I was going to surprise you.
Sorry. I was just worried that you'd
eat everything yourself.
Ugh, seriously?
Try it.
How is it?
I don't know.
Huh?
I have no idea what this taste is.
I'm so happy.
It's the first time I've ever eaten
food that someone else made for me.
It's really good.
Thanks.
I'm glad to hear you
say that it's good.
This is the only thing
I know how to make.
Really?
Yeah.
But why onion rings, of all people?
Well, it's kind of a long story.
What is it?
Tell me.
Nah.
Ms. Lee Dan Ah.
It's just something
that I make sometimes.
When I want to get energized.
Hmm?
To be honest, I used to be
really good at studying.
I had the highest grades
among the students
accepted to Hanin University
as an English major.
- Really?
- Yeah.
But I gave it up.
I had to start working right away
to make money, you see.
So I moved to Seoul without planning
anything, on a midnight train.
I cried so much on that train.
I really, really wanted to
go to college, you see.
I... I see.
But then, I cried a whole bunch
a couple months after that.
Because I came to realize
that I had no hope.
And that made me so miserable...
that I flung myself into the river.
What?
But I managed to survive.
The woman who saved me back then
took me to her Chinese restaurant.
But when we got there, her husband
made onion rings, and was eating them.
But when he saw me, a girl
who'd almost drowned
he asked me if I wanted to eat it,
and gave me a plate of onion rings.
So I picked up just one,
and ate it.
And I have no idea why,
but it was so delicious!
So I started bawling my eyes out again.
On that day, I decided
that I'd never try to kill myself again.
That I'd definitely survive, and
escape this country.
And ever since then, if I
ever felt my resolve crumbling
I'd make this and eat it.
And when I did, I always
felt a burst of energy.
Tell me whenever
things are tough for you.
I'll make this for you.
It's super nutritious.
Do your best, CEO Kang.
I'll cheer you on.
Yes, Ms. Dan Ah.
I'll do my best.
What's going on?
- I wanted to go with you.
- Do you have a death wish?
Why, you little...
are you ignoring me?
Yeah. I'm supposed to,
at times like these.
- What?
- Soon Ae.
You've worked so hard
up until now.
What kind of nonsense are you
spouting, so early in the morning?
I'll ignore that, too.
Let's go.
What's with that guy?
Were you watching K-Dramas
yesterday, or something?
It's not cool at all when you
say things like that!
Don't get it twisted!
What brings you all the way here?
It's only natural for me to come visit,
when you've opened a new building.
What do you think will happen
to this Restaurant Row?
I heard that they're really
putting up a fight.
That won't change the outcome, though.
So don't worry about
such unnecessary things.
Oh, please don't take this the wrong way.
Of course I wouldn't worry
about such a thing.
I just wanted to ask.
First things first: you're not cool
because you have an ugly face.
You're not tall either.
Are his ears plugged or what?
Hey, can't you hear me?
I said can't you hear me?
What is it?
Ah, it's nothing. We should head back.
Hey, Kim Jong Hyun.
- Soon Ae.
- Move!
Hey, didn't you hear me?
It's been a long time.
You live in this neighborhood?
Yeah, what are you doing crawling
into this neighborhood?
Who are you latching onto now?
I don't know who you are,
but don't speak so carelessly.
Who am I?
I'm the unlucky woman who was married to
this punk for a brief time. Why?
Why don't we get going?
Hey, I'm warning you!
Don't even think of starting
anything here.
I'll get you with my knife, okay?
I'll kill you.
That's enough.
That son of a bitch...
where does he think this is?
Hey, hey! Ji Yoon!
You have to take your phone.
- That isn't mine. It's yours, Jin Kyu.
- What?
Make sure to pick up if it rings.
If they ask you something,
say you'll work hard no matter what.
What are you talking about?
See you later. Bye.
What has she done now?
Hello, this is Oh Jin Kyu.
Hello, Oh Jin Kyu.
This is Strongest Deliveryman.
Congratulations, you're hired.
Wait. What?
You know where our office is, right?
Please come in now. Leave right away.
Hello?
Ji Yoon, you...
Seriously, that girl.
Where are you going?
We told you to come in right away.
Forget it. Don't joke around.
How can I work with you guys?
Work with us. We need you.
Congratulations. You were the top choice.
Let's go.
Are you really going to do this to me
on the first day?
Ah, you don't like this kind of thing?
You thought I'd like this?
You could try something else.
Come eat on our street.
Come eat lunch on our street.
This is friendly food.
Welcome, welcome, welcome!
Garlic is domestic!
Onion is domestic!
Hold on now!
Why are you only throwing it at me?
Can you target him too?
That man is a little scary.
Your face is less burdensome.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Friendly prices!
Friendly restaurants!
We need about 35 million won for this
month's wages and insurance.
But, our company's profit is only
10 million won.
We'll use our investment money for the
amount we need.
All right.
Who is our investor anyway?
Just someone.
You know I know a lot of people.
Oh yeah, Sunjin Construction has decided
to get rid of their company cafeteria.
- Really?
- Yes.
They don't have room in their building.
So, they're looking for restaurants to
use in place of their cafeteria.
The employees would pay using vouchers
and Sunjin would pay every month.
They announced a call for bids today.
We should tender a bid then.
All the restaurants will bid under the
name Strongest Deliveryman.
Okay.
How many employees does Sunjin
Construction have?
Including the executives,
approximately 1,800 people.
Just one meal of lunch would be over
10 million won.
If you included overtime dinner and
after-work outings...
it could be, at least, 550 million won
a month.
That's almost 6 billion won a year.
Make sure nothing goes wrong with
the application for the bid.
Who will have the power to decide?
All of the employees in the company
will vote next Wednesday.
We will have to spend on marketing to
the employees until that time.
We have to win Sunjin Construction.
If we lose that company,
the restaurants here won't survive.
Then our company will suffer too,
of course.
Honestly, from Sunjin's point of view...
Jung Family's building is much
more appealing.
The interior is clean and you can get
everything in one building.
Tasty food comes from the hand.
Also, a store should have spiderwebs,
some dust, and broken dishes.
Those places have the really good food.
Places should still be hygienic.
It's those places that have the best
food and you just don't know.
Just hit him on the back, CEO.
He's so dirty that I won't hit him.
Thank you.
Is this the usual company atmosphere?
Yes, get used to it.
You're a member too.
Let's cheers one more time.
To our newest rookie, Oh Jin Kyu!
Cheers!
Let's drink up quickly and go to
a karaoke room.
Of course, we should go.
The most important part of a company
dinner is karaoke, right?
Sung Jae is really onto something.
Sorry, but I'll just head home.
Hey, now. The rookie can't leave.
Sure, go home.
Wait, now.
Let him off this one time.
It's his first day, Director.
I'm telling you as the director.
You will not get off next time.
- Keep that in mind.
- Yes.
- Director.
- Good boy.
Good boy!
Oh, why are you out here?
Jin Kyu!
How was it? What did you do today?
I was just wearing a fur mask all day.
Why did you get me a job just anywhere
without asking me?
Because there's nowhere else you can
work, Jin Kyu.
Are the people making you uncomfortable?
Did they make you an outcast?
Dan Ah said something, didn't she?
Seriously? Where is she right now?
No, she didn't. What's with you?
Everyone's good to me.
Really?
Yes.
Then, what's the problem?
I just feel a little awkward.
They're all people I feel a little
awkward around.
I was worried over nothing.
Oh, you're so cute.
Let's go inside. I made delicious food.
Forget about it.
Pretend you didn't see him.
I saw him so how can I pretend I
didn't meet him?
Should I take out my brain and rinse it?
You said we should forget.
- So, forget.
- I'm just so angry.
You idiot! It's all your fault.
If you had listened to me back then,
this wouldn't have happened to us.
Go.
I can't stand seeing you even more.
All right.
Sleep well.
Don't even think of causing
trouble again!
I'll be fine after crying a bit.
Don't worry and just sleep.
Why are we leaving already?
My throat was just loosening up.
We can't stay anymore because of
Sung Jae.
Why did you want to come here?
People in other rooms would think
there was a fight.
You punks...
You guys should try to understand.
He's improved a lot.
Hey.
Let's get going.
We need to work again tomorrow.
Wow, you are very strict with us.
- She's the CEO.
- Let's get going.
Oh, you girls are here?
- Yes.
- One moment.
Hmm... girls, room 103.
Okay.
What are you doing right now?
Let go. I'm working.
Hey.
- Move.
- Later.
You can't solve anything by dragging
her out now.
Move! I can't leave her here.
Dan Ah.
Hey! Let go of me!
Let go of me!
Hey!
I'll check on them.
You guys should head home.
Yeah, I'm a karaoke bar worker.
What about it? So, what?
You really want to die?
What do you want me to do?
Do you think a yoga instructor makes
good money?
Well, I don't.
The owner makes money,
but instructors like me don't.
So, what am I supposed to do?
You're going to leave soon and
my family can't help me.
I have no intention of relying on a man.
So, what should I do?
I have to live too.
Shut your mouth.
I'll kill you if you say one more word.
Who are you to say that? Tell me.
Who are you?
- Why are you acting righteous?
- Who said I was right?
I know that I'm doing something crazy.
I was only going to do it temporarily.
I was going to save 100 million won
just like you.
Where are you going to use that money?
I don't know.
I'm just scared and that's why I have it.
This is a scary place.
It's a really scary place to live
without money.
Let's go. We'll go home and talk.
I won't go.
I'm going to work. I have to earn money.
Choi Yeon Ji.
Mind your own business.
It's my life.
Wow, it's such a shock.
I feel so bad for her.
Our instructor is working two jobs
like that.
Dan Ah looks smart but she didn't even
notice that?
There are always signs when people
do that job.
She must've trusted her friend.
It doesn't matter to me.
No matter what Yeon Ji does,
my love will not change.
This won't do.
I need to go to Yeon Ji now.
I need to go and tell her that I
understand everything.
I'll tell her to lean on me.
Gong Gi, you should stay put.
Just staying put is most helpful in
times like these.
You don't know what you're talking about.
She needs a sincere touch of love
in times like these.
No, you just can't.
- What are you doing? Move.
- No!
- Don't go overboard!
- What's he doing?
- Let me go.
- You can't go!
I have to go.
No, no!
Let me go. I have to go.
Min Chan! Just let me go.
Are you okay?
Do you think I would be okay?
I was always suspicious.
Still, I thought she would never.
I never thought she would lie to me.
I was stupid.
I even followed her once.
She said she was drinking with Min Chan,
so I believed her.
She said they were going on dates
every night so I accepted that.
- Min Chan?
- Yes.
I think he knew the whole time.
I guess I'm the only one who didn't know.
We've been friends for 20 years.
I was the only one who didn't know.
Don't blame yourself.
Why would you doubt your friend's words?
Kang Soo.
What should I do now?
I really don't know.
Wait for her.
That's what I did for Sung Jae.
He always got in trouble and
people pointed their fingers at him.
I still trusted in him and waited.
The adults in our town said he was a
bad kid and I shouldn't play with him.
Still, I trusted in him and waited.
If he came looking for me,
I was there for him.
If I thought he would be alone,
I would go looking for him.
Eventually, he came back...
to the place he belonged.
There's no special method.
Work hard like you usually do.
Be friendly when you make deliveries.
When they come here to eat,
be courteous and welcoming.
That's all true.
I think we should add one thing.
You know those things...
A more emotional campaign.
Soft humanity, a feeling of eating
at home...
That could work better for people at
a construction company.
If you get to know them well
even office employees are like
on-site workers.
That's a good idea.
What do you all think?
That is valid.
Then I will gather all the restaurant
owners.
This is why there is a director, right?
I will do it.
Okay, you take care of that.
Jin Kyu, you come to Sunjin Construction
with me.
- Me?
- Yes.
Help me if I get any difficult questions.
Sure, okay.
"I will do that, CEO Choi."
You're annoying.
Yes, CEO Choi.
Okay, let's get going now.
Oh, by the way, you all got your
pay deposited into your accounts.
- Yes!
- Oh yeah!
How do you feel?
Oh Jin Kyu.
It's been a long time.
What are you doing here?
Ah... I got a new job.
I scouted him.
You even know how to steal people away.
I didn't steal him away.
You lost him.
We'll be inside.
Yes, thank you for your bids.
We will put up the contents of your
bids on our company site.
The employees will vote in three days
and you will have your results.
Oh my.
Was it you who cleaned up my desk,
Manager?
- Yes.
- Ah...
Do you have something to say?
Work hard. It's okay.
They're all ideas I don't even
need anyway.
It's better if someone uses them rather
than rotting in a desk.
Isn't that right, Manager?
Oh, wait... isn't that right,
Branch Manager?
Do you understand?
A meal prepared by your mother,
just like eating at home!
That is what we are going for!
Why did you call the landlords here?
Because we are all one.
All right, let's all shout out our motto.
We are one!
We survive as one!
We'll die if we are split!
- Let's go!
Oh my! Come on in.
I'll prepare you a great meal.
This is on the house.
Yes, please enjoy your meal.
Hello, we'll just go in for a moment
and give the employees a gift.
You cannot. Please leave.
Please go. I'm sorry.
Please leave.
- Hello.
- You may go in.
Your meal is here.
Enjoy your meal.
It's hot so I'll do it for you.
This means "consistent" so it means to
have consistent effect.
Ah, I see.
Oh, your perfume smells nice.
S201, right?
Thank you.
You all worked hard.
Get home safe.
Sweet dreams everyone.
The vote is tomorrow.
Wow, I'm so nervous.
What if we don't win?
We'll be totally ruined.
Hey, don't say unlucky things.
- Sorry, sorry.
- You all worked hard.
Let's get going.
- You're home early.
- Yeah.
- Are you sick?
- No.
I just came home early.
Then go to bed.
Dan Ah.
What?
I'm sorry.
I did it because I was really scared.
I was thinking about living on
without you here.
It was so scary.
Remember what you said?
People who are poor aren't living.
They're just surviving.
I don't even have money,
so how will I last today?
Where will I get my living expenses
for next month?
I'll just get old and die after worrying
about money like that.
That's why I did it.
That's how the world seemed to me too.
I didn't even have a little bit of hope.
Yeah.
There is no hope.
But, you might be able to make it too.
What?
If you don't do anything,
there's nothing.
But, if you put your mind to it
and try...
I think you could make hope.
Why?
How?
Because of Kang Soo.
What?
I feel like he can make things that way.
[Live as a good person.]
Don't worry.
It will work out.
We will do our best.
Jung Family will do our best!
Strongest Deliveryman and our affiliates
will serve you together.
- We will do our best.
- Strongest Deliveryman...
We will serve you together!
We will do our best!
Strongest Deliveryman and our affiliates
will serve you together.
Hello, I am from Jung Family.
Strongest Deliveryman and our affiliates
will serve you together.
We will do our best!
Thank you for waiting.
We will now announce the results for
the Sunjin Construction vote.
The participating bids came from the
corporation Jung Family
as well as the corporation
Strongest Deliveryman.
Also, SH Food System and GO Food Life.
A total of four companies took part.
I will now announce the results.
Subtitles by DramaFever